2. Explain the following questions in your own words

ques 1. -- What is the difference between forEach, map, filter and reduce ? Explain these using your own words
answer -- 

> forEach -- 
 - The forEach method is used when we want to do some action with each element of the array.

> map -- 
 - The map method is used for creating a new array by applying the callback function on each element of an 
   array and thus, it's chainable.

> filter --
 - The filter method creates a new array by removing elements that dont belong 

> reduce --
 - The reduce method takes all of the elements in an array and reduces them into a single value.

ques 2. -- Explain the difference between function declaration and arrow function ?
answer -- 

> function declaration -- 
 - A function declaration also known as a function statement declares a function with a function keyword. 
    The function declaration must have a function name.
 - Function declaration does not require a variable assignment as they are standalone constructs and they 
    cannot be nested inside a functional block.
 - These are executed before any other code.
 - The function in function declaration can be accessed before and after the function definition.

> arrow function -- 
 - Does not have its own bindings to this or super, and should not be used as methods.
 - Does not have new.target keyword.
 - Not suitable for call, apply and bind methods, which generally rely on establishing a scope.
 - Can not be used as constructors.
 - Can not use yield, within its body. 



ques 3. -- Explain the difference between find and findIndex ?
answer --  

> find() --  the method find() is used to return the first array element that passes a certain test function.
The find method takes a function as its parameter and the function itself takes three arguments: 
the element, the index, and the array itself.

> findIndex() -- The method findIndex is used to return the index of the first array element that 
passes a certain test function.
The method findIndex also takes a callback function which can take three parameters(element, index, and array).

Inshort, the find() method returns the value of the element whereas the findIndex() method returns the index of 
the element.


ques 4. -- If you like to filter out one object element in an array which method do you like to use: filter or find ? 
Explain

answer -- I would like to use find() method as it returns the values of the child elements only. While filter() method
filters of all the elements values.   

ques 5. -- Explain the difference of var, let and const when we declare a variable ?
answer -- 

var - The scope of the var keyword is the global or function scope. It means variables defined 
outside the function can be accessed globally, and variables defined inside a particular function can be accessed within the function. 

let - The scope of a let variable is only block scoped. It can’t be accessible outside the particular block ({block}).

const -  The scope of a const variable is only block scoped. The const keyword has all the properties that are the same as the let keyword, except the user cannot update it.

